Update GitLab pipeline tracing instructions with changes from 17.7 (#26590)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/gitlab.md

**Selected site**: {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}<br/>

**API URL** (optional)
: Allows overriding the API URL used for sending data directly, only used in advanced scenarios.<br/>
**Default**: (empty, no override)

**API key**
: Specifies which [Datadog API key][105] to use when sending data.

**Enable CI Visibility**
: Enables pipeline tracing. This box should be checked. It's only present starting from GitLab 17.7, and isn't required in prior versions.

**Service** (optional)
: Specifies which service name to attach to each span generated by the integration. Use this to differentiate between GitLab instances.<br/>
**Default**: `gitlab-ci`

**Env** (optional)
: Specifies which environment (`env` tag) to attach to each span generated by the integration. Use this to differentiate between groups of GitLab instances (for example, staging or production).<br/>
**Default**: `none`

**Tags** (optional)
: Specifies any custom tags to attach to each span generated by the integration. Provide one tag per line in the format: `key:value`.<br/>
**Default**: (empty, no additional tags)<br/>
**Note**: Available only in GitLab.com and GitLab >= 14.8 self-hosted.

> You can test the integration with the **Test settings** button (only available when configuring the integration on a project). After it's successful, click **Save changes** to finish the integration set up. If the button fails, click **Save changes** and check that the first webhooks sent are successful by looking at the history in the "Recent events" section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test the integration with the **Test settings** button (only available when configuring the integration on a project). After it's successful, click **Save changes** to finish the integration setup. If the button fails, click **Save changes** and check that the first webhooks sent are successful by looking at the history in the "Recent events" section below.
```

[101]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/admin_area/settings/project_integration_management.html#view-projects-that-use-custom-settings
[102]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/integrations/index.html#manage-group-default-settings-for-a-project-integration

Fill in the integration configuration settings:

**Active**
: Enables the integration.

**Datadog site**
: Specifies which [Datadog site][1] to send data to.<br/>
**Default**: `datadoghq.com`<br/>
**Selected site**: {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}<br/>

**API URL** (optional)
: Allows overriding the API URL used for sending data directly, only used in advanced scenarios.<br/>
**Default**: (empty, no override)

**API key**
: Specifies which [Datadog API key][2] to use when sending data.

**Enable CI Visibility**

> : Enables pipeline tracing. This box should be checked.

Author: This is the new field. I didn't find a better way than duplicate the entire section for all tabs, I tried adding a shortcode but that's doesn't seem possible because of the `dd_site` param that we need to render, let me know if there is a better way !

Reviewer: this seems fine
